CNV-67472: Clean up docs structure before adding new content (#98372)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/monitoring/virt-running-cluster-checkups.adoc

=====

include::snippets/virt-about-running-checkups.adoc[]

include::modules/virt-latency-checkup-web-console.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/virt-measuring-latency-vm-secondary-network.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[id="virt-running-cluster-checkups-storage"]
== Running predefined storage checkups

You can use a storage checkup to verify that the cluster storage is optimally configured for {VirtProductName}.

include::snippets/virt-about-running-checkups.adoc[]

include::modules/virt-storage-checkup-web-console.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/virt-checking-storage-configuration.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_running-cluster-checkups"]
== Additional resources
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa-hcp[]

> * xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-linux-bridge.adoc#virt-connecting-vm-to-linux-bridge[Attaching a virtual machine to multiple networks]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../virt/vm_networking/virt-connecting-vm-to-linux-bridge.adoc#virt-connecting-vm-to-linux-bridge[Connecting a virtual machine to a Linux bridge network ]
```
Kind of out-of-scope but hard not to comment on the link text.
